SNOW-1458135 Implement DataFrame and Series initialization with lazy Index objects (#2137)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for using Snowflake Interval constants with `Window.range_between()` when the order by column is TIMESTAMP or DATE type.
- Added support for file writes. This feature is currently in private preview.
- Added support for `DataFrameGroupBy.fillna` and `SeriesGroupBy.fillna`.
- Added support for constructing `Series` and `DataFrame` objects with the lazy `Index` object as `data`, `index`, and `columns` arguments.

> - Added support for constructing `Series` and `DataFrame` objects with `index` and `column` values not present in `DataFrame`/`Series` `data`.

Author: I added this new line as well

- Added support for `DatetimeIndex.month_name` and `DatetimeIndex.day_name`.
- Added support for `Series.dt.weekday`, `Series.dt.time`, and `DatetimeIndex.time`.
- Added support for subtracting two timestamps to get a Timedelta.

> - Added support for creating `Series` and `DataFrame` objects with the lazy `Index` object as `data`, `index`, and `columns` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for constructing `Series` and `DataFrame` objects with the lazy `Index` object as `data`, `index`, and `columns` arguments.
```
